#Healthrific

What people care challenges do you face today? Are we looking to simplify life for a clinical staff stretched to the limit? Remove complexity as a barrier to faster decision-making? Reduce variability in care delivery? Integrate emerging technologies with your IT Systems and EMR? No matter what our challenges, they all revolve around our ability to watch over patients and provide the best care possible wherever it takes place.

A potential challenge during a pandemic outbreak like COVID-19 is overwhelmed hospitals. Already our Healthcare sector lagging in smart technologies in some areas but problems revealed in the system during COVID more. At present, the hospitals don’t have the capacity for a large number of incoming patients. There is a need for a technology platform that is capable of remote-monitoring and allowing for the engagement of patients in their homes. The capabilities also facilitate communication between quarantined people and the healthcare service and maintain visibility of those recently discharged. Insufficient and imprecise alert responses, inadequately distributed medical supplies, overloaded and fatigued medical staff, not enough hospital beds, and no timely treatments or cures. People from all over the world are worried about their health and it has become hard to access healthcare without being able to travel. Regular health checkups are getting hard to keep track of. To get easy answers to questions like high or low body temperature, normal pulse count, high or low blood pressure which can result in haphazard cardiovascular diseases, respiratory rate, etc is the main goal. Due to panic and the fear of getting COVID infection, even the slightest cold or cough makes patients run towards the hospital to get tested.

There’s an integrated solution that fits securely into our hospital’s IT Environment or use by normal people to help drive clinical and economic outcomes. It captures a steady stream of patient data from monitors and medical devices, then feeds it automatically to our EMR(Electronic Medical Record) for virtually gap-free patient records from admission to discharge. Even during transport. And it gives on-the-move caregivers virtually anywhere, anytime visibility to patient vital signs, waveform, and alarms. So, we can communicate and collaborate to decide on the best course of care and the right caregiver to provide it.

Healthrific is a way to monitor patients or people while they are in quarantine or at home or in the hospital. To tackle this problem, we have made a self equipped next-generation wearable Smart Monitor device (a combination of hardware and software) which may act as the means of monitoring vital signs and would help everyone have the accessibility towards regular health check without having the necessity to rush towards the hospital. The platform offers an end-to-end solution all the way from devices to the central command center dashboard and analytics along with managed services. The device hub includes those that measure vital body temperature, heart rate, Respiratory Rate, blood pressure, SpO2 level in the blood, and Body fall detection which monitor through a website and a mobile app
